
Welcome to CircleMUD 2.0!

Before doing anything else, please look at license.doc in the circle/doc
directory.

If you're like me, you don't like to read a lot of documentation when you
have a neat new toy to play with.  In fact, if you've even read THIS far,
I'm impressed!

Briefly, here are a few tips on how to get started quickly:

*  All source code is in the /src directory.  Type 'make' to compile only
   the main Circle server; type 'make all' to make the server as well as
   Circle's dozen or so maintenance utilities.

*  The server should be run from Circle's root directory.  For debugging
   and testing, you can just type 'bin/circle'; to run the game "for real,"
   use the 'autorun' script -- it automatically reboots the game if it
   crashes, and handles moving old system logs into the /log directory.
   The game will run on port 4000 by default.

*  The first character who logs in to the game will be made a level 34 god.
   The first god can then use the 'advance' command to create other gods.
   Use the 'wizhelp' command to get a list of god commands; use the
   'commands' command to get a list of other commands.

*  For security purposes (i.e., to prevent all hell from breaking loose
   if someone hacks a god character), most of the god commands do not have
   on-line documentation.  God commands are documented in the doc/wizhelp.doc
   file.  Wizhelp.doc is in the standard help file format; if you're willing
   to sacrifice security for convenience, you can incorporate the help for
   the wizard commands into the on-line help file by copying wizhelp.doc into
   lib/text/help_table.


There is a wealth of additional information in the files in the /doc
directory.  The README file in the /doc directory describes what is in
each of the documentation files.  If you're just getting started, you
may be interested in 'running.doc' -- it gives more detailed information
about compiling, running, maintaining, and day-to-day administration of
CircleMUD.

If you have strange problems -- and you can't figure out the answer by
reading the docs -- feel free to write me at the address below.

Good luck, and have fun!

Jeremy Elson
aka Ras/Rasmussen
jelson@circle.cs.jhu.edu
July 16, 1993
